Feat/warn for dynamic dotnet (#2568)
mandiant/capa: CHANGELOG.md

## master (unreleased)

### New Features

> - add warning for dynamic .NET samples #1864

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- add warning for dynamic .NET samples #1864 @v1bh475u 
```

## master (unreleased)

### New Features
- add warning for dynamic .NET samples #1864 @v1bh475u

### Breaking Changes

> - move `is_static_limitation` class function from `capa.rules.__init__.py` to inline function in `capa.capabilities.common.py`
> - move `is_dynamic_limitation` class function from `capa.rules.__init__.py` to inline function in `capa.capabilities.common.py` #1864 @v1bh475u

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- remove `is_static_limitation` class function from `capa.rules.Rule` to inline function in `capa.capabilities.common.py`
```
